# Bachelor-Project
Bachelorproject: 1 Indkomst og Indflydelse - Hvem Lytter Regeringen Til? En Analyse af Repræsentationen af Forskellige Indkomstgrupper i Den Danske Politiske Dagsorden. 

## Abstract
This paper tests whether previous findings of inequality in political responsiveness of policy outcomes can be extended to the political agenda. Previous literature show that policy reflect the preferences of affluent voters to a larger extent than other income groups. This article argues that the political agenda is a categorically different test for the inequality in responsiveness literature than policy, where greater political electoral costs are associated when overrepresenting the richest. If previous findings can be replicated here, it therefore proves that inequality in political responsiveness is more robust and widespread than hitherto thought. This could have serious consequences for future political trust and democratic support. Using time-series data from the Danish election survey and agendasetting.dk in OLS models, the paper finds that inequality in political responsiveness only reproduces when there is a discrepancy between the preferences of the poorest and richest voters and then in the exact opposite way of previous literature. The political agenda is in fact most responsive to the poorest voters, for both right and left leaning governments and especially in the domain of economics. This surprising finding has positive implications in an otherwise bleak future with an ever-increasing wage gap.
